Update unity avatar exporter (#258)
overte-org/overte: tools/unity-avatar-exporter/Assets/README.txt

* WARNING *
If you are using any external textures as part of your .fbx model, be sure they are copied into the textures folder that is created in the project folder after exporting a new avatar.

> For further details including troubleshooting tips, see the full documentation at https://docs.highfidelity.com/create-and-explore/avatars/create-avatars/unity-extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For further details including troubleshooting tips, see the full documentation at https://docs.overte.org/create/avatars/find-avatars.html#overte-avatar-exporter-for-unity
```
